# AdvReal
## AdvReal: Adversarial Patch Generation Framework with Application to Adversarial Safety Evaluation of Object Detection Systems


Autonomous vehicles are typical complex intelligent systems with artificial intelligence at their core. However, perception methods based on deep learning are extremely vulnerable to adversarial samples, resulting in safety accidents. How to generate effective adversarial examples in the physical world and evaluate object detection systems is a huge challenge. In this study, we propose a unified joint adversarial training framework for both 2D and 3D samples to address the challenges of intra-class diversity and environmental variations in real-world scenarios. Building upon this framework, we introduce an adversarial sample reality enhancement approach that incorporates non-rigid surface modeling and a realistic 3D matching mechanism. We compare with 5 advanced adversarial patches and evaluate their attack performance on 8 object detecotrs, including single-stage, two-stage, and transformer-based models. Extensive experiment results in digital and physical environments demonstrate that the adversarial textures generated by our method can effectively mislead the target detection model. Moreover, proposed method demonstrates excellent robustness and transferability under multi-angle attacks, varying lighting conditions, and different distance in the physical world. 

<video controls width="800" style="border-radius:8px">
  <source src="[https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/71d1720d-...-70d7a9a4f647](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e36219fc-9abb-4660-a8a7-1144b4c14294)"  type="video/mp4">
</video>



## Demonstration of attack effects

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2fb20076-b603-4964-bc24-ac97a241a23b

## Demonstration of multi-angle attack effect

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f8d46ab2-ef27-42fc-9813-88776f9340c6

## Attack object detection system of  Tesla Model-Y

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b95d507d-2414-4ac1-a195-432ee2172f3e


